Board Certified in Behavioral Psychology -- Licensed Clinical Psychologist
Clinical Instructor at Harvard Medical School
Clinical Associate of Psychiatry at Massachusetts General Hospital



Dr. Tokarz' Credentials and Clinical Training

Dr. Thomas P. Tokarz is the Clinical Director of the Anxiety, Panic and Phobia Treatment Centers in Boston and on Cape Cod. These centers offer highly specialized, empirically validated cognitive-behavioral treatment for all anxiety disorders:

Panic Disorder
Generalized Anxiety Disorder and Chronic Worry
Agoraphobia and Avoidance
Social Anxiety
Specific Phobias (driving, flying, dental, heights, etc.)
Obsessive Compulsive Disorder
Post Traumatic Stress Disorder
Health-Related Worries and Anxieties
Depression
Panic Control Treatment for Benzodiazepine (tranquilizer) Discontinuation
Integrative Behavioral Couples Therapy
Dr. Tokarz received his B.A. (Cum Laude) from the State University of New York at Stony Brook.  He then received his M.A. and Ph.D. in Clinical Psychology from the University of North Carolina at Greensboro.  His APA approved internship was done at Western Missouri Mental Health Center.

In 1978, Dr. Tokarz was licensed as a clinical Psychologist in Massachusetts. During his twenty years in practice, he has treated over 1,000 patients with anxiety disorders.  In 1978, Dr. Tokarz began his Specialized Training in the Cognitive-Behavioral Treatment of anxiety disorders with Drs. Alan Goldstein and Diane Chambless.  Drs. Goldstein and Chambless were pioneers in the cognitive-behavioral treatment of panic and agoraphobia.

Dr. Tokarz continued to train at yearly seminars with Dr. David Barlow, learning his highly successful panic control treatment.  Dr. Barlow is the leading world authority on the treatment of panic and anxiety.  This treatment is based upon empirically validated clinical research and has a documented success rate of 87% with panic disorder patients.  This cognitive behavioral treatment program is short-term (12-14 weeks), highly structured and uses a manual to help produce its highly effective results.

In 1993, Dr. Tokarz became on of approximately fifty psychologists and psychiatrists in the United States to be certified in Dr. Barlow's Panic Control Treatment Program.  Dr. Tokarz then went on to become a Master Trainer on a National Level in Dr. Barlow's program.  He has Trained and Certified the staff of a major West Palm Beach Medical Hospital in Dr. Barlow's approach.  He has also presented workshops and symposiums on Panic and Anxiety Treatment at National Conferences and International Universities.

Currently, Dr. Tokarz has become Board Certified in Cognitive and Behavioral Psychology, which is the Highest Honor that can be achieved in the Clinical practice of Psychology. Dr. Tokarz is on the staff of Massachusetts General Hospital where he supervises Psychiatric Residents and Psychology Interns.  He also holds an appointment at the Harvard Medical School and has recently been appointed a Fellow in the Board Certified Diplomat status.

 



Contact Information

Postal Address  

Anxiety, Panic and Phobia Treatment Center
290 Main Street
Cotuit, MA 02635
Telephone  

508-428-5772
Facsimile  

508-420-4086
Electronic Mail  

T.Tokarz@comcast.net 
